yes we making money right hello young
fee for HD with another trading video on
my channel the last one went down
absolutely amazing thank you for all the
amazing likes you could do I again
that'd be absolutely amazing again
hundred likes again be absolutely
sensational so from like the last
trading method I'm going to show you
some things that did sell that one we
gotta fight 500 this understand 500
sought for a care Adrian thinking it a
bit of converting with that one I think
I got it flight 815 total Schneiderlin
750 and the de Guzman we also sold so we
didn't sell everything but we have got
picked quite a few things up and Brad
grow another method for you guys today
and it is a silver BPL one now there's
two ways you can do it again but the
first way out says a little bit better
so I normally do first of all is do this
one and you can mix it up a bit I
normally do this I've only just like
come off from doing it but you've got it
doesn't take that long to get there to
be honest and you just do a quick few
clicks up there m well actually could
take a little longer and some a pause
the video and I'll be right back so yeah
this literally took me not that long M
it took me about two minutes to get ESO
is a quite simple method and so when we
go yet get to run about the 50th minute
then start just looking the fit one that
I'll look if you will know someone's go
decent pace I didn't to watch list then
check after morrisons nom rare burner a
below this one could be an r8 one the
ones on on the look at a rare but you
can have a glance it over ones and if
you are know if it's a good price and
add in to watch list and then go and
check after and I'm just going to go
carry on going sandahl a few prices
because I've been doing it for a little
while sighs great one piece no one's got
8 1 pitch you can't grumble without now
that transfer targets and simply gather
as many as you can up
then check the prices after quite as a
photograph a little bit more breeze only
got 60 pairs and torn ear but affirmed
Coleman whereas shiny it's good for a
bit more I'm surprised in that you can
just there's an avoid can do it as well
velius is a rare could be all right and
then when you in like the 59th minute
come out and then you can do this like
combat duel the chemistry style one and
come back dual this one just keep
switching over because the more methods
you do them are likely to get more deals
Oh James Collins Leah and a gardener
care and then you like learn the prices
as well Dorrans could be of care and
he's really simple I you do it as well
she can just kind of as many as you want
in so yet we've added our few in and I
was one that were a good deal apparently
sold for a care and the dual sell quite
quickly to be only so much as Gardner
not sure how much she goes for berries
are right about English in the bath RM e
League I'm not only like check every
single one I'm just showing you that
might work Sunderland care and you don't
really need that many that much money
there's one for ya okay but we're gonna
have a look for it just England so
there's one up for 950 okay so yeah you
can just kind of just keep check-in and
which ones you want and but yeah it
works like this the other way you can do
it is a little bit easier but our prefer
it saw because it doesn't take as long
hindu 500 maximum and then gradually
search I've got many more like methods
to do and but I'm just trying to like
create new ones I don't really do a lot
and Britt is really hard I've got up met
been basically school to prove knife
minute look for red players check the
price and that's as simple as you can do
to be honest in a minute and this is
just a quick silver BPL one you can do
it in different leagues as well you can
do in Syria bundesliga so just keep
trying this method i thought i'd let you
guys know about it so it all like when
if you enjoyed it i'll be street
in a little bit late I think about six
o'clock so join that and I'll tweet out
if you don't follow me on twitter at
geography for HD I hope you enjoyed the
video I mean jumpy for HD heels